docs: Investigate the way of managing Firestore data (#1124)
platform-platform/monorepo: metrics/cli/docs/04_managing_firestore_data.md

# Managing Firestore data

## Motivation
> What problem is this project solving?

> Since, the Metrics App stores [allowed domains](https://github.com/platform-platform/monorepo/blob/master/docs/19_security_audit_document.md#the-allowed_email_domains-collection) and [feature config](https://github.com/platform-platform/monorepo/blob/master/docs/19_security_audit_document.md#the-feature_config-collection) collections in Cloud Firestore and these collections are protected by the Firebase rules from the reading and writing, so we should find an approach of managing Firestore data using [Admin SDK](https://developers.google.com/admin-sdk).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the Metrics App stores [allowed domains](https://github.com/platform-platform/monorepo/blob/master/docs/19_security_audit_document.md#the-allowed_email_domains-collection) and [feature config](https://github.com/platform-platform/monorepo/blob/master/docs/19_security_audit_document.md#the-feature_config-collection) collections in Cloud Firestore and these collections are protected by the Firebase rules from the writing, we should find an approach of managing Firestore data using [Admin SDK](https://developers.google.com/admin-sdk).
```

#### Using Dart package

The first approach is to use a [dartbase_admin](https://pub.dev/packages/dartbase_admin) package as a dart-native implementation of the Firebase Admin SDK, which allows us to manage Cloud Firestore data despite Firebase rules.

The `dartbase_admin` package requires the following parameters:

1. The Firebase project id, which the Metrics CLI tool generates during the deploy command proccess.

2. The JSON of the service account's key, which can be downloaded using the following command:

```bash
gcloud iam service-accounts keys create key.json --iam-account project_id@appspot.gserviceaccount.com
```

Example of creating document using dart package:

```dart
  final keyJson = await ServiceAccount.fromFile('key.json');
  final firebase = await Firebase.initialize('projectId', keyJson);

  Firestore.initialize(firebase: firebase);
  await Firestore.instance.collection('collection').document('doc_id').create({});
```

Let's review the pros and cons of this approach.

Pros:

- fully automated.

Cons:

- increases the number of dependencies.

#### Using Cloud Functions for Firebase

> The second approach is to use the [Cloud Functions](https://firebase.google.com/docs/functions), which can work with `Admin SDK` using Node modules `require` statements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second approach is to use the [Cloud Functions](https://firebase.google.com/docs/functions), which will manage the Firestore data using the [JavaScript Admin SDK](https://firebase.google.com/docs/admin/setup) and the Metrics CLI will call it using the HTTP requests. 
```
Would it be more clear?
